also guys Chris from Andrew comm taking
a quick look at the fingers scanning
technology on the galaxy s6 and the
galaxy s5 so let's start with the s6 now
same as with the s5 the finger scanner
is located in the home button but on the
s5 it was a swipe gesture on the s6 it's
a touch based sensor so it's actually
much more convenient because you don't
have to remove your finger you just have
to press the button and that's it you
don't depress it and then swipe so go
into your lock screen options and
obviously you'll have a quick disclaimer
to let you know that you need to store
your fingerprint on the device itself
but the mechanism for recording your
fingers fingerprint is actually a little
bit different because it's touch based
you just have to continually touch the
home button until enough of your finger
is registered now we'll do this in from
our real time for you so you can see
just how long it takes not very long but
you can probably get an idea that you
feel like you're starting to run out of
fingerprint for what the s6 actually
wants you to record now this is a little
weird when you're recording because it's
not so easy to to make the SX satisfied
with how much of your fingerprint is
being stored but it does mean that the
sensor will actually work in a wide
range of different situations depending
on which way you're holding the phone
and which part of your finger you press
so it's actually kind of useful so
that's it there once you've done that
you just enter in a backup password of
course some real good and make sure your
lock screen is set to your fingerprint
and then we go turn on maybe I took my
finger off a bit too quick yeah let's do
that again
ok so press it once let it re there we
go so second try works well so try it
again press and that's yep that's pretty
quick so I have to say I do really like
the way it's handled on the s6 the s5
with the swipe based gesture you can see
here obviously a lot of it comes down to
the way that you actually hold the phone
so maybe you record your finger in this
direction which is a little bit
unnatural
compared to the way you might actually
try to swipe your finger when you're
actually using it so it's kind of
important to hold the find the way that
you would actually be unlocking it when
you're recording your fingerprint so
it's same deal once you've gone through
and recorded your fingerprint with the
swipe gesture add in a password and set
your lock screen to a fingerprint
so it'll turn off and press once and
then swipe like nothing off okay second
try okay let's do it again
so again press the button to wake the
screen swipe there we go one more time
and as you can see it works pretty much
just as reliably - maybe a little bit
more awkward than the s6 not entirely
sure if that's why Samsung decided to go
from a swipe based gesture to a touch
based sensor but it definitely works
better I think I think the the smaller
dimensions of the s6 and it's a little
bit slippery as well it's probably
better not to be holding on to that in a
kind of awkward way trying to do this
swipe based thing so I think touch base
is much better in a long run but let us
know in the comments which one you
prefer